[DJM-844] Docs on how to configure Warehouse ID in DJM Databricks page (#30849)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/data_jobs/databricks.md

1. On the **Configure** tab, click **Add Databricks Workspace**.
1. Enter a workspace name, your Databricks workspace URL, account ID, and the client ID and secret you generated.
   {{< img src="data_jobs/databricks/configure-workspace-form-m2m.png" alt="In the Datadog-Databricks integration tile, a Databricks workspace is displayed. This workspace has a name, URL, account ID, client ID, and client secret." style="width:100%;" >}}

> 1. For getting visibility on your Databricks costs in Data Jobs Monitoring, provide a System Tables SQL Warehouse ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. For visibility into your Databricks costs in Data Jobs Monitoring or [Cloud Cost Management](https://docs.datadoghq.com/cloud_cost_management/), provide the ID of a [Databricks SQL Warehouse](https://docs.databricks.com/aws/en/compute/sql-warehouse/) for Datadog to use to query your [system tables](https://docs.databricks.com/aws/en/admin/system-tables/).
```

>    - The warehouse must have access to system tables (`system.billing.usage` for example).

Reviewer: Can we just list the specific commands needed to be run to grant the permissions to all system tables so the customer doesn't need to figure it out?

   - Grant your Service Principal the required USAGE and SELECT permissions on:
      - The SQL Warehouse
      - The system catalog, schema, and tables
   - The warehouse should be a Pro or Serverless SQL Warehouse. Classic warehouses are not supported. We recommend setting a 2XS size and configuring Auto Stop after 5–10 minutes.

>    See the Datadog [Cloud Cost Management][18] page for full details on the required permissions and setup steps.

Reviewer: Let's not force the user to go to the CCM docs to get these permissions, we should just list them here (we'll also need more permissions than CCM for lineage and probably other tables). It's ok for it to be in both places.

1. On the **Configure** tab, click **Add Databricks Workspace**.
1. Enter a workspace name, your Databricks workspace URL, and the Databricks token you generated.
   {{< img src="data_jobs/databricks/configure-workspace-form.png" alt="In the Datadog-Databricks integration tile, a Databricks workspace is displayed. This workspace has a name, URL, and API token." style="width:100%;" >}}
1. To gain visibility into your Databricks costs in Data Jobs Monitoring or [Cloud Cost Management][18], provide the ID of a [Databricks SQL Warehouse][19] that Datadog can use to query your [system tables][20].

>    - The token's Principal must have access to the SQL Warehouse. Give it `CAN USE` permission from **Permissions** at the top right of the Warehouse configuration page.

Reviewer 2: Lowercasing "principal" for consistency with other instances. If you want emphasis, I think bolding would be a good option.

```suggestion
   - The token's principal must have access to the SQL Warehouse. Give it `CAN USE` permission from **Permissions** at the top right of the Warehouse configuration page.
```

| Query                            | [CAN VIEW][23]
| SQL warehouse                    | [CAN MONITOR][24]

> Additionally, for visibility into your Databricks costs in Data Jobs Monitoring or [Cloud Cost Management][18], the [Databricks SQL Warehouse][19] used by Datadog to query [system tables][20] requires the following permissions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, for visibility into your Databricks costs in Data Jobs Monitoring or [Cloud Cost Management][18], the user or service principal used by Datadog to query [system tables][20] requires the following permissions:
```
